Convert KVM chapter to an assembly (#195)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating-network-or-image-based-hosts.adoc

[id="creating-network-or-image-based-hosts_{context}"]

> = Creating Hosts on {CRname}

Reviewer: Question: Shouldn't this be "in {CRname}"?

Author: Good question. The original name of this file was "Creating Hosts on a KVM Server", which is appropriate because KVM is a single RHEL server that you create VMs on (whereas RHV is a whole infrastructure setup so that section's current title of "on a Red Hat Virtualization Server" is quite incorrect). "in KVM" (without "server") works fine though, I think. 

For some reason all of the other compute resource chapters seem to follow a convention of:

Chapter name: Provisioning VMs/Cloud Instances *in* Product Name

Section name: Creating Hosts *on* Product Name

That seems weird and I'll aim to standardise it all to "in". 

Side note: I'd considered "Creating Product Name Hosts", but dropped it because we should 100% avoid that phrasing for RHV. In RHV, "hosts" refers specifically to hypervisors and not to VMs, so saying "RHV hosts" would seem like you're provisioning a physical hypervisor (the product name for one of RHV's hypervisor types is even Red Hat Virtualization Host).

--hostgroup "Base" \
--compute-resource "_My_KVM_Server_" \
--provision-method build \
--build true \
--enabled true \
--managed true \
--interface "managed=true,primary=true,provision=true,compute_type=network,compute_network=_examplenetwork_" \
--compute-attributes="cpus=1,memory=1073741824" \
--volume="pool_name=default,capacity=20G,format_type=qcow2" \
--root-password "_password_"
----
endif::[]

* To use image-based provisioning, create the host with the `hammer host create` command and include `--provision-method image`. Replace the values in the following example with the appropriate values for your environment.
ifeval::["{context}" == "kvm-provisioning"]
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer host create \
--name "kvm-test2" \
--organization "_My_Organization_" \
--location "New York" \
--hostgroup "Base" \
--compute-resource "_My_KVM_Server_" \
--provision-method image \
--image "Test KVM Image" \
--enabled true \
--managed true \
--interface "managed=true,primary=true,provision=true,compute_type=network,compute_network=examplenetwork" \
--compute-attributes="cpus=1,memory=1073741824" \
--volume="pool_name=default,capacity=20G,format_type=qcow2"
----
endif::[]

> For more information about additional host creation parameters for this compute resource, run `hammer host create --help`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about additional host creation parameters for this compute resource, enter the `hammer host create --help` command.
```
